Plan: In a small town- a grandfather demands his grandson if  he can bring a medicine that can make him live eternally- he promised him that he will do that- he went to north- got the medicine-return to home


A long time ago, in 123, in a small village called Apache, which was a neighborhood of Rome, there was a small courageous boy called Yoi who always obeyed his grandfather. His grandfather was rich and desired to be the emperor of Rome. Unfortunately, he was too old to be the emperor, so he was confronted with a great dilemma about whether he should give up or whether to get medicine that would make him live eternally.  After a long deliberation, he decided prudently that he would get that medicine and he ordered his innocent grandson to obtain it. Yoi knew precisely where it was due to a famous rumor and he also estimated that it would be a difficult journey. It was in the North, far away from his location and it was being protected by a Dragon . He went directly to the North and he was afraid, but tried to be brave because he thought that his grandfather would him give the throne. After a long journey, he got  there and at the same time he was confronted with great danger; there was a dragon in front of him. Its horns were as sharp as swords, its teeth were full of blood, its nails were spears. The way it stared at him was scary, but at the same time it was glorious. Yoi was so astonished because he had believed that it was only a myth. Yoi found the personality of the dragon even more surprising, because it literally gave him what he wanted. Yoi returned to Rome and became King30 years later.n

Note: Please don't copy it, but you can always get inspired by it
