English Story for year 9
Written by Lukas

plan: a long time ago, in athena a wise man lived named platon, considered as the realiser in athena, the king of persia wasn’t pleased that Greece didn’t believe in their gods, therefore decided to invade Greece, Platon had to settle disagreement since he was considered as the wisest man living in Greece, went to Persia and met the persian king, fortunately, persians  didn’t threaten him since they’ve heard how sage he was, Platon convinced the king to retreat by giving him 3 reasons, thanks to him, they retreated and grec avoided the war.


A long time ago, upon a hill, located in a great city named Athena, there lived a man named Platon, considered as the smartest living man on  Earth.  On the opposite side of Greece, across a long sandy yellowish desert,  was Persia, where the wealth,  honour and all the jewels were; gold, diamonds, rubies and iron. King Darius, the king of Persia, lived in a majestic palace adorned with all kinds of jewels. He was glancing at the rim of the sky as though  debating a serious problem. In fact, he was not pleased with Greece, since they didn’t revere his great god, Alah. Therefore, he was preparing for a war, or more probably an invasion, since they had way more soldiers, way more weapons and cutting-edge technology than Greece. The following day, Persian soldiers were camped right in front of the great wall of Athena, preparing to invade Athena, and just beyond the wall,  people who were scared and considering prudently whether they should stay and die or evacuate to other cities. Most people decided to stay, though some of them left, and yet, it was the best choice…
 From afar, Greek soldiers who were riding powerful horses, holding iron spears, went  beyond the wall to defend the country against the invaders. This situation had become a battle of nerves, with neither side seeming willing to back down. All of sudden, a young man from Persia, who was wearing armour decorated in gold, approached the wall slowly while riding his horse and demanded loudly that the Greeks revere their god instead of  believing in their god and  obey Persia; or else, the Persians would invade their country and enslave them. Greece turned down his ultimatum  to keep their honour and this  exacerbated the situation, which led to  war. Persian spears penetrated through the iron armour of the Greek soldiers, their walls were destroyed by Persian cannons and a  crowd of people was crying, waiting sadly for their deaths. They were now in front of a hill where Platon lived. Platon opened the door slowly and descended the hill, then passed through the Persian soldiers while glancing sharply at them to indicate his anger. He went to the stall, where his horse was stabled, then  took the horse and rode directly to the Persian King. The soldiers didn’t even try to stop him, since they’d heard that he could use magic, which was of course a dumb rumour. The king of Persia was astonished and also quite pleased to meet the smartest living man on Earth. Platon pleaded with the king for mercy and insisted that although they would never worship the Persian god, he told him that he could be his teacher, so that King Darius could  rule in a most sage way. King Darius accepted his request and this is how Platon saved Greece from Persia………


The End

Note: don't copy it, but you can get inspired by it



